Add adapted Status of this Document (#77)
w3c/AB-public: Vision/README.md

# The W3C Vision: An Emphasis on Values

## Status of this Document
This document is an articulation 
of the W3C’s mission, values, purpose, and principles;
in other words, our vision for W3C as an organization 
in the context of our vision for the Web itself. 
The goal of this vision is not to predict the future, 
but to define shared principles to guide our decisions.

This document is not intended to be 
an operational strategy for W3C Inc. as an organization: 
such a strategy should take this Vision into account, 
but it is not the Vision itself.

This document should not provide recommendations 
for or against specific technologies: 
technologies are not value neutral, 
and preference for or against particular technologies 
should be influenced by values as articulated here, 
but this Vision should be a guide for thinking about such things, 
rather than contain specific answers.

The goal of this document is to:

> * Help the world understand who we are, what we do, and why it matters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Help the world understand what W3C is, what it does, and why it matters.
```
"we" is ambiguous and a bit odd in this context (I assume "we" is not the AB nor the task force in particular)
